fix(curriculum): add CSS property checks for width and height in Colored Boxes lab (#65927)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lab-colored-boxes/66f3f6eb66ea9dc41cdc30df.md

});
```

The `.color-box` class should have the `width` and `height` properties set.

```js
const cssHelp = new __helpers.CSSHelp(document);
assert.isNotEmpty(cssHelp.getStyle('.color-box')?.getPropVal('width', true));
assert.isNotEmpty(cssHelp.getStyle('.color-box')?.getPropVal('height', true));
```

> The `.color-box` element should have a non-zero `width` and `height`. If the boxes are not visible in the preview, try resizing the preview window to a larger size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.color-box` elements should always have a non-zero `width` and `height`. Try to resize the preview to a smaller size, make sure that the boxes do not disappear.
```

```js

> const colorBox = document.querySelector('.color-box');

Reviewer: can you use `querySelectorAll` and verify that all elements have a non-zero width and height?

```css
body {

>     font-family: Arial, sans-serif;

Reviewer: it is not needed anymore to remove `flex`, as long as you add `min-height` and `min-width`
